add references to new files for pinning context (#835)
getappmap/appmap-intellij-plugin: description.md

* Code files
* Navie chat responses from previous conversations

**Pin files from the file list**  
Right-click on a file to select 'AppMap: Add Files to Navie Context'  

> ![New Navie Chat](https://appmap.io/assets/img/product/add-context-from-file.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Add context from file](https://appmap.io/assets/img/product/add-context-from-file.png)
```

**Pin files from a Navie response**  
Click the pin icon in the header of a Navie response  

![Pin from Response](https://appmap.io/assets/img/pin-from-response.png)

**Pin files from the Navie's Context Sources Pane**  
Click the 'Add Context' button  

> ![New Navie Chat](https://appmap.io/assets/img/product/add-context-in-context-window.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Add context from the context window](https://appmap.io/assets/img/product/add-context-in-context-window.png)
```
